# Google.Music Desktop Application (Client) & API Written in C#

An Unofficial Google Play Music API Engineered from:

	- The Google Play Music Android App (GoogleMusicApi.Common.MobileClient)
	- The music.google.com/ website (TODO: GoogleMusicApi.Common.WebClient)

## API

This repository contains a C# API designed to be used by the [DesktopApplication](#Desktop Application) but can be used in any use case.

It Contains Many Features, but full documentation can be found [Here (http://coman3.github.io/Google.Music/Docs/)](http://coman3.github.io/Google.Music/Docs/) or within the inbuilt documentation.

The API consists of a MobileClient (_GoogleMusicApi.Common.MobileClient_) to make requests towards google play music easy and fast. All Requests can also be called asynchronously, for easy cross threaded support.
Below is an example of logging in, collecting the _GoogleMusicApi.Structure._Config synchronously and asynchronously:

```
var client = new MobileClient();
if (client.Login("email", "password"))
{
    var situations = client.GetListenNowSituations();
    var situationsAsync = await client.GetListenNowSituationsAsync();
                
    //Do Some Cool Stuff!
}

```


## Desktop Application
This repository contains a Desktop Application (**not completed / functional**) [GooglePlayMusic/](GooglePlayMusic/GooglePlayMusic.csproj) that acts under a _GoogleMusicApi.Common.MobileClient_. 
Features **will** include:

	- Select Streaming Quality (Low, Medium, High)
	- Cache Commonly played songs
	- Set Buffer Length (how much of the stream to keep in memory while playing a track)
	- Download Tracks (Possible that this will not be implemented due to Googles Terms of Use)
	- Seamless playback 
		- Play tracks on many local area network devices at the same time (For multiple speakers throughout house)
		- Continue playback from phone (will need android app installed)

# Contributing 

Any Contribution is greatly appreciated and will fully documented and credited. If you wish to contribute to this project,
please fork this repository and submit pull requests, then i shall merge them as soon i get the chance. 
*Any constant developers are also welcome to get in touch and ask to be added to the repository.*


If you don't know what to do, there is a massive list of "TODO (<Priority>): " lines, specifying what needs to be done, plus bug testing is always greatly appreciated.

Thanks for your help in advance :)

# Get In Touch

If you have any questions don't hesitate to message me on [Discord](https://discord.gg/012WlrsiVIhOjHvEx) or email me [dev.lvelden@gmail.com](malto:dev.lvelden@gmail.com). 
also leaving and issue with the tag "Question" works :P
